Outline of 2023 ReportContents
About the Report
Words from the ChairmanSustainable vision strategyAsia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023Material Topics and Stakeholders3
4679
Preface
130
131134136138
1401.1 Low Carbon Green Leadership
1.2 Climate Strategy1.3 Circular Economy1.4 Mining Mountain And Biodiversity1.5 Water Resource Management 1Ｅ
Ｇ
Ｓ14
1838455061
66
68778083
84
86
1051141232
3
142
144Environmental
SustainabilityEnvironmental Sustainability —
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGs
2.1 Stable and Steady Corporate Governance
2.2 Products and Economic Performance 2.3 Supply Chain Management2.4 Customer Service and Information SecurityCorporate 
GovernanceCorporate Governance —
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGs
 
3.1 A Happy Workplace3.2 Occupational Safety and Health3.3 Local Community Caring3.4 Eco-environmental EducationSocial 
InclusioneSocial Inclusione—
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGsThe Third-Party Verification System of Asia Cement and its Subsidiaries Appendix 
Guide
Table of Material Topics Correspondence
Asia Cement Esg Key Data Global Cement And Concrete Association GCCA KPIsSASB Building Material Industry Disclosure StandardsGRI Content Index In Accordance
Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing 
the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by TWSE Listed Companies（Cement Industry Sustainability Disclosure Indicators）
Climate-related information of TWSE listed Companies
AA1000 External Assurance Statement
List of Publishers and Committee Members140129Scope of ReportPreparation of the ReportDear Readers
Asia Cement Corporation (abbreviated as ACC) has been publishing the Corporate Social 
Responsibility Report since 2013 and changed the name of the report to the Sustainability 
Report in 2022. This is the 11th report of the Company. This report is based on the integration of ACC's business and the implementation of reporting principles. The content covers economic governance, social and environmental practices, and sustainability performance data, and presents the synergistic effects of the value chain in an integrated manner. The publication date of this report is June 2024, and follows an annual reporting cycle. The next report is scheduled to be published in June 2025.
This report is prepared in accordance with the 2021 version of the Global Reporting 
Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards and has been verified by SGS Taiwan Ltd.The external assurance process complies with AA1000 AS Standard Type II, providing moderate third-party assurance. This report follows the FSC’s Corporate Governance 3.0 - Sustainable Development Blueprint, implementing the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework to enhance sustainability reporting disclosures.
The Report also complies with relevant international guidelines and standards, including 
the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA) Sustainable Development Charter, United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), ISO 26000 Social Responsibility Guidelines and S&P’s Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), to provide readers with reliable and publicly accessible information. 
This report covers the period from January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023, and provides 
information on the corporate sustainability management and performance of Asia Cement's key operational locations. The scope of information disclosure is detailed in the table below. The financial performance in this report has been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu LLC, Some statistical data are referenced from the annual report, government agencies, and relevant publicly available websites, presented in commonly used textual and numerical descriptions. Exceptions, if any, are noted within the text of the report. For third-party verification information on environmental, social, and governance aspects, please refer to the appendix.Contact us
The Concept Of Cover Page DesignPlease contact us for any comments or suggestions  
Corporate websiteCorporate 
Sustainability WebsiteGuide of reviewing the report
For the convenient, quick and precise reading, 
a quick link mode is provided to readers: 
Email for comments and appeals on ESG: 
esg@acc.com.tw
Using a minimalist design approach, a large "0" is employed to express the determination 
for net-zero, with the circle symbolizing the cycle. Bright and clean colors represent a hopeful future.Cement Business (Taiwan)
Energy BusinessSteel BusinessTransportation BusinessCement Business (Mainland China)Asia Cement        Nanhwa Cement         Ya Tung Ready-Mixed Concrete       Ya Li Precast Prestressed
ChiaHui Power
Yuan Long Stainless Steel
Asia Cement (China)Fu Ming(Da) Transport
1: There are no significant changes in the Taiwan region value chain disclosed in this report.
2: Public welfare expenditures disclosed include subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements.
3: The "ESG Key Data" appendix discloses sustainability performance for the China region.NOTESecretariat:  Mr. Sheng Yu Lin 
                       Assistant Manager                        sheng.lin@acc.com.tw                                             Tel:   02-27378943                       Fax：02-23785191Address:  30-31 F, No. 207, Dunhua S. Rd, Sec. 2, Da                    An District, Taipei City 106, TaiwanResponsible Unit: Sustainability Implementation                                   CommitteeContact Person:  Spokesperson C.Y. Wang                                Assistant Vice President                               cy.wang@acc.com.tw                                Tel: 02-2733-8000 ext8342The content and index have quick 
links to the respective chapter and section.
Further details can be accessed 
through QR code by mobile phone scanning or clicking on e-file.
3
Outline of 2023 Report
1.Environmental Sustainability
3.Social Inclusione2.Corporate Governance
Appendix GuideAbout the Report
Cover
Cover design conceptAbout the ReportWords from the ChairmanSustainable vision strategyAsia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023Material Topics and StakeholdersBack coverSince the end of 2023, I have been reminding colleagues repeatedly 
and continuously asking myself about this statement.
According to the “Disruption Index” released by the international con-
sulting firm AlixPartners in early 2024, 68% of CEOs are confident that 
new developments such as AI will lead to huge changes in the coming year. However, 63% of CEOs admit that their companies are not keeping pace with technological developments. Almost all CEOs understand that they need to reshape their business operations in the next year. The survey also indicates that climate change and energy transformation have become the most important issues, with significant pressure coming from government and regulatory agencies (68%), investors and Board of Directors (64%), customers (58%), and employees and teams (57%).
The survey confirms that in this era of coexistence of technological 
developments and climate change, we are facing an unprecedented trans-formation challenges. The rapid rise of AI has opened doors for innovation and opportunities. The goal of net-zero carbon emissions requires us to ensure that economic growth no longer harms the planet. Coupled with aging population, rising debts, and the growing wealth gap, these three major forces interact in complex ways, shaping the development of the world and businesses. I deeply understand that every decision we make affects our future, and we need steadfast belief and a clear vision to move forward together. Therefore, I would like to quote a phrase from the former CEO of GE, Jack Welch, in response to my initial question, "Change before you have to!" In other words, we should be actively seeking change rather 
than being forced to change!Are you ready to face the challenges？
ASIA CEMENT CORPORATION     Chairman 
4
Outline of 2023 Report
1.Environmental Sustainability
3.Social Inclusione2.Corporate Governance
Appendix GuideWords from the Chairman 
Cover
Cover design conceptAbout the ReportWords from the ChairmanSustainable vision strategyAsia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023Material Topics and StakeholdersBack coverEvery employee of ACC is key to embracing the future, promoting innovation, and fulfilling 
our commitment to sustainability. It is the duty and responsibility of corporate leaders to create 
a safe, healthy and happy working environment for everyone.
ACC offers generous remuneration and benefits, as well as a bonus system for different 
projects based on employee performance, overall profitability, and encouragement of energy conservation and emission reduction. We also fully consider the needs of our colleagues by offering group insurance for life, accidents, and illness, as well as childbirth gifts and educational scholarships. Additionally, we have implemented an employee stock ownership system for 26 years. Furthermore, we offer employee assistance programs, interest-free loans for emergencies, paid volunteer leaves, travel subsidies, club subsidies, and other diversified benefits.
Since 2023, ACC has extended its care beyond the workplace to the family. In response 
to the issue of aging, we have launched the "ESG Benefit Project for Senior Citizens" for the parents of active employees and employees who are about to retire or have already retired. This program aims to create a rich and fulfilling life for the elderly, ensuring that all employees deeply feel the Company’s strong support, providing solid backing for all colleagues.
Throughout last year, ACC received a total of 28 sustainability-related awards. The Company 
achieved outstanding achievements in Environmental (E), Social (S), and Governance (G) areas, earning recognition from professional assessment organizations both domestically and internationally. Our founding spirit is based on sincerity, diligence, simplicity, prudence, and innovation, and we adopt agility, flexibility, and endurance as our key capabilities for coping with global changes. I would like to thank every colleague who has fought alongside us on this path, and I hope all team members will continue to strive tirelessly, maintain an open mind, and be brave through innovation and learning. With these efforts, ACC will continue to lead the 
industry forward, realizing the vision of sustainable development.The AI Revolution is Reshaping the Industry, Ushering in a New 
Era of Cement
In the era of rapid advancement in global AI technology, ACC has already recognized 
its immense potential. This is a demonstration of its courage and determination to break 
through traditions in the industry, not only improving production efficiency and quality but also showing its commitment to achieving environmental protection and sustainable development goals.
First, AI plays a key role in smart batching, which not only optimizes the composition 
of mine limestone but also improves the blending of raw materials. In terms of alternative raw materials and fuels, ACC has established preheaters, expanded warehouses, and constructed feeding and meeting systems for smart adjustments. To achieve the goal of low-carbon cement, ACC has deeply strengthened its smart control technology to precisely manage various parameters, reduce carbon emissions, and achieve a more environmentally friendly production process.
For quality control, we have installed the AutoML automated machine learning platform 
to predict clicker strength and optimize the efficiency of the cooling machines, ensuring stable production. AI technology has also been integrated into the cement grinding and delivery system to enhance the flexibility of the system, ensuring products are delivered to customers promptly and accurately.
In the face of the new economy wave, ACC firmly believes that embracing AI can not 
only improve production efficiency but also bring technological innovation to the industry, reshaping the future of the industrial landscape.
Net-zero Emissions, Green Production, and Determination to 
Move Towards a Sustainable Future
The cement industry has long been considered to be an important battlefield for carbon 
reduction. In the face of Taiwan's annual GHG emissions of about 290 million tons, of which 
3.5% comes from the cement production process, ACC is not only facing this challenge head-on but also began comprehensive carbon reduction strategies over a decade ago.
ACC was the first company in Taiwan to complete the installation of waste heat 
recovery and power generation equipment in cement kilns. We are also the first enterprise to comprehensively consider lifecycle carbon footprint and have achieved ISO 50001 certification for our energy management system to enhance energy efficiency. Internally, a carbon pricing mechanism has been established with a price of NTD216 per ton of GHG equivalent, serving as a management tool for emission reduction.
In recent years, ACC has made significant breakthroughs in circular economy 
technology. Leveraging the high-temperature characteristics of cement kilns, we have converted scrapped turbine blades into alternative raw materials and fuels needed for the cement production process, providing solutions for Taiwan’s renewable energy industry. Additionally, we have developed the first set of cement kiln-specific refrigerant feeding equipment in Taiwan. Since 2022, this equipment has assisted the government in disposing of a large amount of smuggled refrigerants. As a result of these numerous actions to promote the implementation of circular economy in cement rotary kilns, ACC was awarded the "Outstanding Voluntary Reduction Vendor" by the Industrial Development Administration 9 times. This effort has resulted in a cumulative reduction of over 350,000 tons of carbon emissions, equivalent to the carbon sequestration capacity of 889 Da’an Forest Parks in one year.
In terms of products, ACC has taken the lead in revising the CNS 15286 national standard 
for hydraulic mixed cement, providing assistance for Taiwan's low-carbon cement products to align with international standards. Currently, we are collaborating with domestic and foreign institutions to conduct in-depth research on Carbon Capture and Utilization (CCU) technologies, hoping to solve the dual challenges of carbon emissions and waste disposal through these innovative means, paving the way for achieving the net zero emissions target 
Positive, Diverse and Inclusive Working Environment
I firmly believe that this is not only a corporate social 
responsibility but a commitment to future generations.
5
Outline of 2023 Report
1.Environmental Sustainability
3.Social Inclusione2.Corporate Governance
Appendix Guide
Cover
Cover design conceptAbout the ReportWords from the ChairmanSustainable vision strategyAsia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023Material Topics and StakeholdersBack cover