Page 1:
ASIA CEMENT CORPORATION

Sustainability
Report

e a (gh) BNR



Page 2:
A) Rh

.
=, I HK GO
NE ASIA CEMENT CORPORATION

Contents

About the Report

Words from the Chairman
Sustainable vision strategy

Asia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023

Material Topics and Stakeholders

The Third-Party Verification System of Asia
Cement and its Subsidiaries

Table of Material Topics Correspondence

Asia Cement Esg Key Data

Global Cement And Concrete Association GCCA KPIs
SASB Building Material Industry Disclosure Standards
GRI Content Index In Accordance

Taiwan Stock Exchange Corporation Rules Governing
the Preparation and Filing of Sustainability Reports by
TWSE Listed Companies

(Cement Industry Sustainability Disclosure Indicators)

Climate-related information of TWSE listed Companies
AA1000 External Assurance Statement

List of Publishers and Committee Members

orn nan — Ww

129

130
131
134
136
138
140

140
142
144

Preface

Appendix
Guide

Environmental
Sustainability

Corporate
Governance

Social
Inclusione

E

Environmental Sustainability —
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGs

1.1 Low Carbon Green Leadership

1.2 Climate Strategy

1.3 Circular Economy

1.4 Mining Mountain And Biodiversity

1.5 Water Resource Management

G

Corporate Governance —
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGs

2.1 Stable and Steady Corporate Governance

2.2 Products and Economic Performance

2.3 Supply Chain Management

14
18
38
45
50
61

66
68
77
80

2.4 Customer Service and Information Security 83

S

Social Inclusione—
Asia Cement’s Contributions to SDGs

3.1 A Happy Workplace
3.2 Occupational Safety and Health
3.3 Local Community Caring

3.4 Eco-environmental Education

84
86
105
114
123


Page 3:
oll 3H) KR
NEG ASIA ows MRR

‘O Outline of 2023 Report

Cover

Cover design concept

About the Report

Words from the Chairman
Sustainable vision strategy

Asia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023
Material Topics and Stakeholders

Back cover
MA 1.Environmental Sustainability
2.Corporate Governance

3.Social Inclusione

Appendix Guide

About the Report

Dear Readers

Asia Cement Corporation (abbreviated as ACC) has been publishing the Corporate Social
Responsibility Report since 2013 and changed the name of the report to the Sustainability
Report in 2022. This is the 11th report of the Company. This report is based on the integration of
ACC's business and the implementation of reporting principles. The content covers economic
governance, social and environmental practices, and sustainability performance data, and
presents the synergistic effects of the value chain in an integrated manner. The publication date
of this report is June 2024, and follows an annual reporting cycle. The next report is scheduled
to be published in June 2025.

Preparation of the Report

This report is prepared in accordance with the 2021 version of the Global Reporting
Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards and has been verified by SGS Taiwan
Ltd.The external assurance process complies with AA1000 AS Standard Type II, providing
moderate third-party assurance. This report follows the FSC’s Corporate Governance 3.0
- Sustainable Development Blueprint, implementing the Task Force on Climate-related
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB)
framework to enhance sustainability reporting disclosures.

The Report also complies with relevant international guidelines and standards, including
the Global Cement and Concrete Association (GCCA) Sustainable Development Charter,
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), ISO 26000 Social Responsibility
Guidelines and S&P’s Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA), to provide readers with
reliable and publicly accessible information.

Scope of Report

This report covers the period from January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023, and provides
information on the corporate sustainability management and performance of Asia Cement's
key operational locations. The scope of information disclosure is detailed in the table below.
The financial performance in this report has been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
LLC, Some statistical data are referenced from the annual report, government agencies,
and relevant publicly available websites, presented in commonly used textual and numerical
descriptions. Exceptions, if any, are noted within the text of the report. For third-party
verification information on environmental, social, and governance aspects, please refer to
the appendix.

Cement Business (Taiwan) > @! Asia Cement (2) Nanhwa Cement ‘a Tung Ready-Mixed Concrete) Ya Li Precast Prestressed

Energy Business > G4 ChiaHui Power

Steel Business >» Yuan Long Stainless Steel
Transportation Business > @ Fu Ming(Da) Transport
Cement Business (Mainland China) > @) Asia Cement (China)

@ 1: There are no significant changes in the Taiwan region value chain disclosed in this report.
2: Public welfare expenditures disclosed include subsidiaries in the consolidated financial statements.
3: The "ESG Key Data" appendix discloses sustainability performance for the China region.

Contact us V

Please contact us for any comments or suggestions

Q Address: 30-31 F, No. 207, Dunhua S. Rd, Sec. 2, Da

An District, Taipei City 106, Taiwan
Responsible Unit: Sustainability Implementation
Committee
Contact Person: Spokesperson C.Y. Wang
Assistant Vice President
cy.wang@acc.com.tw
Tel: 02-2733-8000 ext8342
Secretariat: Mr. Sheng Yu Lin
Assistant Manager
sheng.lin@acc.com.tw
Tel: 02-27378943
Fax : 02-23785191

esg@acc.com.tw

Email for comments and appeals on ESG:

Guide of reviewing the report V

For the convenient, quick and precise reading,

a quick link mode is provided to readers:

©The content and index have quick ©
links to the respective chapter and
section.

©Further details can be accessed ®
through QR code by mobile phone
scanning or clicking on e-file.

Corporate
Corporate website Sustainability Website

The Concept Of Cover Page Design V

Using a minimalist design approach, a large "0" is employed to express the determination
for net-zero, with the circle symbolizing the cycle. Bright and clean colors represent a

hopeful future.

2023 Sustainability Report



Page 4:
ol 33H KR
NE ASIA ows MRR

‘O Outline of 2023 Report

Cover

Cover design concept

About the Report

Words from the Chairman
Sustainable vision strategy

Asia Cement ESG Highlights in 2023
Material Topics and Stakeholders

Back cover

MA 1.Environmental Sustainability

2.Corporate Governance
allt

EIR 3.Social Inclusione
=e

Appendix Guide

Words from the Chairman

ASIA CEMENT CORPORATION | Chairman Arta ®

Are you ready to face the challenges 7

Since the end of 2023, I have been reminding colleagues repeatedly
and continuously asking myself about this statement.

According to the “Disruption Index” released by the international con-
sulting firm AlixPartners in early 2024, 68% of CEOs are confident that
new developments such as AI will lead to huge changes in the coming year.
However, 63% of CEOs admit that their companies are not keeping pace
with technological developments. Almost all CEOs understand that they
need to reshape their business operations in the next year. The survey also
indicates that climate change and energy transformation have become the
most important issues, with significant pressure coming from government
and regulatory agencies (68%), investors and Board of Directors (64%),
customers (58%), and employees and teams (57%).

The survey confirms that in this era of coexistence of technological
developments and climate change, we are facing an unprecedented trans-
formation challenges. The rapid rise of Al has opened doors for innovation
and opportunities. The goal of net-zero carbon emissions requires us to
ensure that economic growth no longer harms the planet. Coupled with
aging population, rising debts, and the growing wealth gap, these three
major forces interact in complex ways, shaping the development of the
world and businesses. I deeply understand that every decision we make
affects our future, and we need steadfast belief and a clear vision to move
forward together. Therefore, I would like to quote a phrase from the former
CEO of GE, Jack Welch, in response to my initial question, "Change before
you have to!" In other words, we should be actively seeking change rather
than being forced to change!

2023 Sustainability Report

way


